OSDOCS-5396: adds CoreDNS update to RNs (#58745)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../networking/openshift_sdn/migrate-to-openshift-sdn.adoc#migrate-to-openshift-sdn[Migrating to the OpenShift SDN network plugin].

[id="ocp-4-13-core-dns-update"]
==== CoreDNS updated to 1.10.1

> {product-title} 4.13 4.13 updates CoreDNS to 1.10.1. CoreDNS now uses the DNSSEC DO Bit that was specified on originating client query. This reduces the DNS response UDP packet size when a client is not requesting DNSSEC. Consequently, the smaller packet size reduces the chance of DNS truncation decreasing by TCP connection retries as well as overall DNS bandwidth.

Reviewer: change to `{product-version}` attribute and a couple of minor edits to help with sentence clarity
```suggestion
{product-title} {product-version} updates CoreDNS to 1.10.1. CoreDNS now uses the DNSSEC DO Bit that was specified on the originating client query. This reduces the DNS response UDP packet size when a client is not requesting DNSSEC. Consequently, the smaller packet size reduces both the chance of DNS truncation decreasing by TCP connection retries as well as overall DNS bandwidth.
```
